I feel myself so-so today.

I don't understand the deadline. Can you explain me?

I don't understand the contract. Can you explain me?

I will call you back through 40 minutes.

My head is splitting today, I can't concentrate.

Let's discuss it at about 7.

Can we move the call on Wednesday?

Can you throw me the doc link by email?

Let's call at about 7.

Throw me the link by email, please.

Can you throw me the meeting link by email?

Let's meet through 10 minutes.

Let's discuss it in the second half of the day.

Can you approve it till this week?

I can't answer now, it depends from the schedule.

I have one small request to you about the meeting notes.

Can you throw me the link by email?

Can you explain me the report in simple words?

Can we do it more earlier?

We need to finish it till today.

I will check and return with feedback.

Write me when you will arrive.

I will send it till this week.

I have a question to you about this part.

Please explain me the recording one more time, I didn't catch.

Throw me the doc link in WhatsApp, please.

Please explain me the screenshot one more time, I didn't catch.

I will call you through 10 minutes.

I'm waiting you near the building.

The deadline is burning.

Can you explain me the contract in simple words?

I have one small request to you about the invoice.

Can you explain me the plan in simple words?

Let's clarify this moment about the report.

Let's discuss it through 10 minutes.

Can you explain me the invoice in simple words?

It depends from the situation.

Please explain me the deadline one more time, I didn't catch.

Can you explain me this request in simple words?

Can you explain me this task in simple words?

I will think about it and will tell you.

I have a question to you about the recording.

I have no mood to meet people today.

Sorry, I was not on connection. My laptop discharged.

I'm in process of doing the task now, just a second.

I can't on Thursday, maybe on other day.

Throw me the link in Slack, please.

I sent the task on review. Can you check it quickly?

I will finish it to tomorrow.

Let's call in the nearest time.

I can't on next week, maybe on other day.

I have no access to this dashboard. Can you give me rights?

I'm in process of doing the schedule now, just a second.

I sent the draft on review. Can you check it quickly?

I have one small request to you about this situation.

We are going not by plan, something went wrong.

Please explain me this doc one more time, I didn't catch.

I don't understand this message. Can you explain me?

I have one small request to you about the report.

I sent the contract on review. Can you check it quickly?

Let's meet through 15 minutes.

Can you explain me the link in simple words?

I don't have mood to go to the gym today.

Why you are angry with me?

I'm in process of doing the plan now, just a second.

Throw me the doc link in Telegram, please.

I can't answer now, I'm on work.

I have a question to you about the folder.

I didn't sleep half of night, so I'm slow today.

Congratulations with your new job!

Let's call through 10 minutes.

I very like this song, I can listen it all day.

Today I feel myself tired.

Can you approve it till today?

I duplicated the presentation in the chat, so you can find it.

I have a question to you about the offer.

Please explain me the invoice one more time, I didn't catch.

I have a question to you about the draft.

Let's call in the second half of the day.

It seems to me we missed something.

Can you throw me the meeting link in Slack?

I send you this document in attachment.

Send me, please, the summary on email.

I have a question to you about the price.

Please explain me the plan one more time, I didn't catch.

I didn't manage to finish the presentation today. I will do it tomorrow.

In case of questions, write me, please.

If something will change, I will write you.

Can you explain me the result in simple words?

I'm on place near the metro. Where are you?

I have a question to you about this task.

Please explain me the schedule one more time, I didn't catch.

Can you throw me the doc link in this thread?

I'm in process of doing the presentation now, just a second.

Throw me the meeting link in WhatsApp, please.

I will be on place in 5 minutes.

I will call you back through 10 minutes.

I have a question to you about the schedule.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. The internet was lagging.

Send me, please, the spreadsheet on email.

I don't understand the estimate. Can you explain me?

Please explain me this part one more time, I didn't catch.

I didn't manage to finish the contract today. I will do it tomorrow.

I feel myself not very good today.

It's not so actual anymore.

It depends from your decision.

Throw me the meeting link on email, please.

I have no access to this doc. Can you give me rights?

I have one small request to you about the schedule.

I didn't manage to finish the request today. I will do it tomorrow.

I have doubts, it seems risky for me.

I can't answer now, it depends from the situation.

It puts me in uncomfortable position.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I confused the days.

I didn't mean anything bad, please don't be offended.

Can you throw me the meeting link on email?

I have a question to you about the meeting notes.

I'm in process of doing the invoice now, just a second.

Let's discuss this question about the schedule in the nearest time.

I duplicated the report in the chat, so you can find it.

In case of questions, write me.

I understood you not so. You meant other thing?

Can you explain me the price in simple words?

Can we move the call on Friday?

Please explain me this task one more time, I didn't catch.

Look please in attachment, I sent the presentation there.

I have a question to you about this document.

I will call you through 15 minutes.

Throw me the doc link in Slack, please.

Can you give me rights on this page?

Please explain me this situation one more time, I didn't catch.

Please explain me the draft one more time, I didn't catch.

I will call you through 5 minutes.

How it looks like from your side?

I don't understand the schedule. Can you explain me?

Please explain me the summary one more time, I didn't catch.

Can you explain me the recording in simple words?

I think I caught cold, I feel myself not very good.

Throw me the invite link on email, please.

I have a question to you about this.

Let's discuss it after the meeting will finish.

I'm not sure, but it seems to me so.

Let's meet after the meeting.

We need to finish it till Friday.

I sent the request on review. Can you check it quickly?

I'm on place near the entrance. Where are you?

Can you explain me the meeting notes in simple words?

Can you throw me the link in Telegram?

I duplicated this doc in the chat, so you can find it.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I was standing in traffic.

Please explain me this question one more time, I didn't catch.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I had no connection.

Don't take it close to heart, it was not about you.

I'm agree, but with small remark.

I'm waiting you near the metro.

I will send it till tomorrow morning.

Let's call through 15 minutes.

It writes 'access denied'. Can you open me access to this folder?

I will call you back through 15 minutes.

Please explain me this moment one more time, I didn't catch.

I didn't manage to finish the schedule today. I will do it tomorrow.

I don't understand this topic. Can you explain me?

Can you explain me the folder in simple words?

I have one small request to you about this part.

Can you throw me the link in this thread?

I have a question to you about the link.

Please explain me this point one more time, I didn't catch.

I don't have mood to go out today.

I was offended by your words, honestly.

Let's clarify this moment about the contract.

Can you throw me the invite link in this thread?

I will send it till tomorrow.

Please explain me the result one more time, I didn't catch.

I send you this doc in attachment.

Can you approve it till tomorrow?

Can you explain me the estimate in simple words?

I have a question to you about this message.

Can you throw me the doc link in WhatsApp?

Look please in attachment, I sent the summary there.

I will do it till Friday.

I don't understand the spreadsheet. Can you explain me?

Let's meet in the second half of the day.

Please explain me this message one more time, I didn't catch.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday.

Everything will be normal, don't worry.

I can't on this weekend, maybe on other day.

I sent the estimate on review. Can you check it quickly?

I have one small request to you about the contract.

Today I feel myself not very good.

Can we move the call on next week?

What do you mean under 'done'?

I feel myself sleepy today.

Can we move the call on this weekend?

Can you explain me this moment in simple words?

I have no access to this page. Can you give me rights?

For me it's strange.

It depends from what you mean.

Can you throw me the link?

It is needed till end of day, please approve it today.

I don't understand the recording. Can you explain me?

Can you throw me the invite link on email?

Can you explain me the deadline in simple words?

Let's clarify this moment about the request.

Let's look by situation.

I don't understand the report. Can you explain me?

I will be on place in 30 minutes.

I'm agree with you, but with a small remark.

I will send it till Friday.

Let's meet through 30 minutes.

Can you explain me this doc in simple words?

I would like to inform you that I can't join the call today.

I will return to you with an answer.

I'm on the way, but I'm standing in traffic.

It writes 'access denied'. Can you open me access to this doc?

Can we move the call for 20 minutes?

We need to finish it till tomorrow morning.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I was in meeting.

Can you throw me the link in WhatsApp?

I have a question to you about the spreadsheet.

I will do it till Monday.

Look please in attachment, I sent the draft there.

Let's meet after lunch time.

I don't understand this point. Can you explain me?

I have one small request to you about the result.

Can we move the call for 5 minutes?

Let's discuss this question about the presentation in the nearest time.

Can you throw me the link on email?

Sorry, I was not on connection. I overslept.

I'm waiting you near the cafe.

Please explain me this file one more time, I didn't catch.

I have one small request to you about this file.

We are burning with the deadline, please answer faster.

I can't on today, maybe on other day.

Throw me the invite link by email, please.

I have one small request to you about the folder.

Can you explain me this message in simple words?

Let's call after lunch.

Don't take it close to heart.

Throw me the doc link on email, please.

Let's discuss it around 7.

I will call you back through 30 minutes.

I will call you through 20 minutes.

I'm waiting you at the metro.

I didn't manage to finish the task today. I will do it tomorrow.

Look please in attachment, I sent the report there.

I have a question to you about the presentation.

I have one small request to you about the idea.

Can you throw me the doc link in the chat?

I have one small request to you about the spreadsheet.

Can you explain me this point in simple words?

I have no mood to clean today.

Can you approve it till Friday?

Sorry, I was not on connection. I confused the days.

I will do it till tomorrow.

Can you explain me this document in simple words?

Can we reschedule on next week, please?

I have a question to you about the summary.

I have no access to this folder. Can you give me rights?

It doesn't suit me by time, sorry.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I was standing in traffic.

Look please in attachment, I sent this document there.

It depends from the client request.

I have one small request to you about this topic.

I have a question to you about the plan.

I have not so much time today.

Let's not make a tragedy from it.

Let's clarify this moment about the invoice.

Can you explain me this in two words?

Please explain me the link one more time, I didn't catch.

I can't on Friday, maybe on other day.

Can you throw me the doc link in Slack?

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I mixed up the time.

I have a question to you about the report.

Can we reschedule on today, please?

It seems to me we should reschedule.

Let's call through 30 minutes.

Throw me the doc link in this thread, please.

We need to finish it till tomorrow.

Throw me the invite link in this thread, please.

Let's discuss it through 15 minutes.

I didn't manage to finish the invoice today. I will do it tomorrow.

Can you explain me this question in simple words?

I have one small request to you about the estimate.

Can we move the call for 30 minutes?

I will call you back through 5 minutes.

I will send it till end of day.

I have a question to you about the estimate.

Let's meet in the nearest time.

I don't have mood to go anywhere today.

I don't understand the result. Can you explain me?

Can you explain me this in simple words?

Can you explain me the offer in simple words?

I don't understand the folder. Can you explain me?

Please explain me this document one more time, I didn't catch.

Please explain me the folder one more time, I didn't catch.

Let's discuss it in the morning.

Let's meet in the morning.

I have one small request to you about this task.

I have no mood to do anything today.

Please explain me the price one more time, I didn't catch.

I don't understand the presentation. Can you explain me?

I have a question to you about this point.

I don't understand the price. Can you explain me?

Can you throw me the meeting link in WhatsApp?

I have no powers today, sorry.

Let's meet at about 7.

I have a question to you about this file.

I don't understand this request. Can you explain me?

Nothing terrible happened, we can fix it.

Throw me the link in this thread, please.

Throw me the meeting link in Telegram, please.

I will call you through 30 minutes.

It is uncomfortable for me to ask, but can you help?

Please don't be offended, I didn't want to offend you.

Throw me the link in the chat, please.

I have a question to you about the screenshot.

I'm in process of doing the report now, just a second.

Let's clarify this moment about the estimate.

Let's discuss it after lunch.

I can't on Monday, maybe on other day.

Let's clarify this moment about the draft.

I don't understand the draft. Can you explain me?

I feel myself tired today.

It seems to me we are late.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I mixed up the time.

Can you give me rights on this doc?

I forgot totally about it, it flew out from my head.

Throw me the invite link in Telegram, please.

Let's meet on Thursday in the second half of the day.

I have a question to you about this doc.

I have one small request to you about the recording.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. My phone sat down.

I didn't manage to finish the plan today. I will do it tomorrow.

It seems to me it's a bad idea.

I will send it till today.

For me it's too expensive.

Let's meet tomorrow in the second half of the day.

Let's meet this weekend in the second half of the day.

Throw me the invite link in Slack, please.

Can you approve it till end of day?

I have one small request to you about this.

I didn't manage to finish the report today. I will do it tomorrow.

I'm on place near the cafe. Where are you?

Can you explain me the presentation in simple words?

Let's discuss this question about the contract in the nearest time.

We need to finish it till Monday.

I don't understand this doc. Can you explain me?

I can't answer now, it depends from the client request.

I don't understand this file. Can you explain me?

Let's go on lunch and then return back.

Can we reschedule on Wednesday, please?

Let's discuss this question about the invoice in the nearest time.

Throw me the meeting link by email, please.

Today I feel myself so-so.

Let's clarify this moment about the task.

I duplicated the draft in the chat, so you can find it.

I have no mood to talk today.

Can you give me rights on this dashboard?

Let's discuss this question about the plan in the nearest time.

I will be on place in five minutes.

I send you the summary in attachment.

I have no mood to work today.

Look please in attachment, I sent this doc there.

Why you react like that?

It writes 'access denied'. Can you open me access to this file?

Why you are so nervous today?

For me it looks not clear.

I don't have mood to do anything today.

I don't understand this. Can you explain me?

Today I feel myself okay.

I will call you back through 20 minutes.

Please explain me this topic one more time, I didn't catch.

I have a question to you about this moment.

It seems to me it won't work.

Please explain me the idea one more time, I didn't catch.

I'm in process of doing the contract now, just a second.

Let's meet on Monday in the second half of the day.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I was in a call.

Send me, please, this doc on email.

Can we move the call for 10 minutes?

Can you give me rights on this folder?

Let's make it more fast, we are losing time.

We need to decide this question and close it.

I'm sure on 100 percent.

Can you explain me this file in simple words?

Can you explain me the idea in simple words?

It depends from the price.

Let's discuss this question about the request in the nearest time.

I have a question to you about this situation.

I will be on place in 15 minutes.

Can you give me rights on this file?

I send you the presentation in attachment.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I had no connection.

I have one small request to you about this document.

I can't on the weekend, maybe on other day.

For me it's not comfortable.

I will finish it to tomorrow morning.

For me it looks strange.

Can you explain me the summary in simple words?

I'm on place at the office entrance. Where are you?

For me it looks too risky.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I overslept.

Can we move the call on tomorrow?

Please explain me the contract one more time, I didn't catch.

I'm waiting you near the entrance.

I have one small request to you about the link.

I'm waiting you at the office entrance.

For me it looks too expensive.

Throw me the link in Telegram, please.

I don't have mood to work today.

Let's discuss this question about the draft in the nearest time.

Throw me the meeting link in this thread, please.

Can you explain me the spreadsheet in simple words?

The deadline is burning, I'm under big pressure now.

I will keep it on control.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I was in a call.

I have no mood to go anywhere today.

I don't understand this document. Can you explain me?

Look please in attachment, I sent the spreadsheet there.

It seems to me it's not actual anymore.

I don't understand this situation. Can you explain me?

I have a question to you about the result.

For me it's too risky.

I'm on lunch now, I will answer after.

Sorry, I was not on connection. I was out of network.

I'm on place near the building. Where are you?

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. I was out of network.

I have one small request to you about this moment.

I'm in process of doing it.

Can we move the call on Thursday?

I have one small request to you about the presentation.

Let's discuss it through 30 minutes.

Can we reschedule on Friday, please?

Can you throw me the invite link in WhatsApp?

I don't have mood to talk today.

Can we reschedule on the weekend, please?

Let's clarify this moment about the schedule.

I have one small request to you about the offer.

I will send it till Monday.

Could you repeat, please? I didn't catch.

Today I feel myself sleepy.

Sorry, I was not on connection yesterday. My laptop discharged.

I have one small request to you about the plan.

Can you throw me the invite link by email?

I have one small request to you about the screenshot.

I don't understand the invoice. Can you explain me?

Let's call around 7.

I have a question to you about this topic.

I don't understand this moment. Can you explain me?

Can you explain me this topic in simple words?

I didn't manage to finish the estimate today. I will do it tomorrow.

Can you approve it till Monday?

I feel myself bad today.

I can't on tomorrow, maybe on other day.

I don't understand the meeting notes. Can you explain me?

I'm waiting you by the door.

For me it sounds a little strange.

Throw me the invite link in the chat, please.

I don't understand this question. Can you explain me?

Thanks in advance for your help on this question.

For me it's not clear.

Thank you, it's very pleasant to hear.

Let's call closer to evening.

I expressed myself not correctly. Sorry for this.

Please don't be offended.

Can we move the call on today?

We need to finish it till this week.

I can't on Tuesday, maybe on other day.

Can you explain me this situation in simple words?

Please explain me the offer one more time, I didn't catch.

I don't understand the screenshot. Can you explain me?

I have one small request to you about this point.

Can we move the call on the weekend?

I send you the spreadsheet in attachment.

Throw me the link on email, please.

I have one small request to you about the draft.

Let's call after the meeting will finish.

Send me, please, the presentation on email.

Can you explain me the draft in simple words?

I don't understand the link. Can you explain me?

For me it looks not comfortable.

Let's discuss this question about the report in the nearest time.

Can you throw me the invite link in Slack?

It writes 'access denied'. Can you open me access to this dashboard?

Can you throw me the meeting link in Telegram?

Let's be without negativity, please.

Let's meet on Friday in the second half of the day.

I already ate, so I'm not hungry.

I will do it till today.

Throw me the doc link by email, please.

I will be on place in 10 minutes.

Can you throw me the link in Slack?

Let's clarify this moment about the presentation.

Let's discuss this question about the estimate in the nearest time.

I duplicated this document in the chat, so you can find it.

Let's meet on Wednesday in the second half of the day.

I didn't manage to finish it today.

I have one small request to you about this question.

I will return to you with answer tomorrow.

Can you explain me the schedule in simple words?

Can you throw me the link in the chat?

For me it looks not actual.

Let's meet on Tuesday in the second half of the day.

Can we reschedule on this weekend, please?

I have no mood to cook today.

Let's clarify this moment about the plan.

I will think about it and I will say you.

Let's call in the morning.

I can't answer now, it depends from your decision.

We are burning with the deadline.
